Dear consumer, we heartily sorry for the inconvenience, please do not worry a mechanic will visit at your doorstep by tomorrow,
Thank You For Cooperation. 

Dear consumer, we are heartily sorry for the issue you are facing, but there might be some problem in indane.co.in server, so we are requesting you to please book your refill through IVRS by Call/SMS on 9088324365, after successful booking you'll receive an SMS containing payment link, you can make payment through that, or you can ignore it for Cash On  Delivery.

Dear consumer, As per system your bank and aadhaar is not linked with your consumer id, please submit these at your agency,

Dear consumer, your subsidy is credited in your State Bank of India with account no XXXXXXX3112,
Please update your bank passbook

Dear consumer your subsidy processed, please wait for 7-10 days, you will receive your subsidy within this duration,
Thank You,

Dear consumer, you have an open loan of 510.59/-, you'll get your subsidy after your loan recovered 

Dear consumer, there are some internal issues, please wait for 7-10 days, you will get your subsidy in your respective bank,
Thank you for cooperation.

Dear consumer, Please take refill for getting the subsidy.

Dear consumer, your Aadhaar and the bank link status is inactive, please visit your respective bank for updating link status.

Dear consumer, as per the system, you opted out for the subsidy. Please visit your LPG Distributor they'll guide you.

Dear consumer, please visit your distributor with a copy of your bank account details, as they will guide you to get the subsidy, instruction already forwarded to the agency.

Dear consumer, please elaborate on your complaint in details,

Dear consumer, we are sorry for the problem you faced to getting your refill, the issue already forwarded to the distributor, I'm requesting you to please book again. You will get your refill shortly.

Dear consumer, your booking was canceled in the system, I'm requesting you to please book your refill, you'll get the delivery shortly as instruction is already given to the agency

Dear consumer, we are sorry for the inconvenience, we'll take strict action against the distributor, and I'm assuring you that, you will not face this again
Thank you

Dear consumer, you booked your refill on 30.07.2019, we are trying to deliver it as early as possible

Dear consumer, we are sorry for the inconvenience you have faced, we are trying to deliver it as early as possible

Dear consumer, we are sorry for the inconvenience you have faced, we are trying to deliver it by tomorrow as instruction already forwarded to the agency.

Dear consumer, please visit https://cx.indianoil.in/webcenter/portal/Customer for booking your refill, and by there you can also pay online while doing the booking,

Dear consumer, please wait for 7 days if the amount not settled in this duration then please share your transaction details at           vivek.kalyanilsa@gmail.com.

Dear consumer as per system your refill delivered on 16.08.2019,
Thank you for your feedback.

Dear Consumer, as per system your consumer status is inactive, please contact distributor they'll guide you.

Dear consumer, as per system there is no booking pending, please book again.
Thank You,

Dear consumer, please visit https://cx.indianoil.in/webcenter/portal/Customer after successful login you can apply for online transfer to your desired Indane Distributor or you can simply visit your existing distributor and they will issue you a transfer voucher.

Dear consumer, please don't worry as all our IOCL distributors have various types of payment options, you can still pay online while getting your refill at the doorstep.

Dear consumer our old website indane.co.in is no longer in use, we request you to please visit our new portal https://cx.indianoil.in/webcenter/portal/Customer. 
You can also use our new mobile app Indianoil One.
Play Store - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cx.indianoil.in&hl=en_IN
Apple Store - https://apps.apple.com/in/app/indianoil-one/id1444511410

Dear consumer, on the new website you have to create your account there, after then you've to link your LPG account with your newly created account.
We appreciate your cooperation.

Dear consumer, after making the booking in system, we can't cancel the booking, And please do not worry as every indane distributor has various type of payment options, you can choose your desired one.

Dear consumer please send your consumer and transaction details at KRVIVEK@INDIANOIL.IN